docs: add info about tutor-contrib-wordpress plugin (#84)
openedx/openedx-wordpress-ecommerce: docs/source/how-tos/create_an_openedx_app.rst

You will learn how to create an Open edX Application for filling out the form in the Open edX Sync Plugin Settings in our WordPress Settings.

> If you are using `Tutor`_ for managing your Open edX instance, you can install `tutor-contrib-wordpress`_ and use its commands to simplify the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `Tutor`_ for managing your Open edX instance, you can install `tutor-contrib-wordpress`_ and use its commands to assist with the configuration and integration of the Open edX platform with an existing WordPress site.
```

I copied that from the plugin readme. https://github.com/CodeWithEmad/tutor-contrib-wordpress?tab=readme-ov-file#before-you-start
